Updates to the Useful Windows Tips page (#164)
Microsoft-community/Community-website: wiki/useful-windows-tips.md

### Clipboard history

You can view your clipboard history, which is a list of the last 25 objects that you've copied.

To do that, press <kbd>Win</kbd> + <kbd>V</kbd>, and a small window will appear. If it's the first time you are using the Clipboard History feature, you will see a button that says "Turn On"
as it's disabled by default.

<img src="./img/useful-windows-tips/turn-on-clipboard-history.png" alt="Screenshot of the clipboard history window with the Turn On button visible." height=300px>

After clicking on it, everything you copy will be logged there. You can then "go back in history" and paste something you copied earlier.

<img src="./img/useful-windows-tips/clipboard-history-list.png" alt="Screenshot of the clipboard history window showing text that was copied earlier." height=300px>

You can click "Clear all" to empty the list. You can also click the pin icon next to an entry to keep it pinned forever<sup>1</sup>.

You can also click the three dots next to an entry for more options.

At the top of the window, you can also enter Emojis, GIFs, Analog Emojis, and other symbols.

## Notes

> <sup>1</sup>: Clipboard history automatically clears after restarting your computer. Pinned items are not cleared. Pinned objects count towards the 25-object limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<sup>1</sup>: Clipboard history automatically clears after restarting your computer. Pinned items are not cleared, and do not count towards the 25-object limit.
```

Author: fixed

<img src="./img/useful-windows-tips/enable-more-columns-fileExplorer.png" alt="Screenshot of the window for adding more columns to the File Explorer details view." height=350px>

### Voice typing

::: tip Note
To use Voice Typing, you need a microphone.

> :::

Author: it's not (jk)

<img src="./img/useful-windows-tips/hovering-over-taskbar-clock.png" alt="Screenshot of the popup with the additional clocks when hovering over the taskbar clock." height=150px>

### Clipboard history

You can view your clipboard history, which is a list of the last 25 objects that you've copied.

To do that, press <kbd>Win</kbd> + <kbd>V</kbd>, and a small window will appear. If it's the first time you are using the Clipboard History feature, you will see a button that says "Turn On"
as it's disabled by default.

<img src="./img/useful-windows-tips/turn-on-clipboard-history.png" alt="Screenshot of the clipboard history window with the Turn On button visible." height=300px>

After clicking on it, everything you copy will be logged there. You can then "go back in history" and paste something you copied earlier.

<img src="./img/useful-windows-tips/clipboard-history-list.png" alt="Screenshot of the clipboard history window showing text that was copied earlier." height=300px>

You can click "Clear all" to empty the list. You can also click the pin icon next to an entry, to keep it pinned forever<sup>1</sup>.

> You can also click the three dots next to an entry, for more options for that particular entry.

Author: yeah i kinda repeated myself there lol

also, that comma on line 136 is WebStorm's fault

At the top of the window, you can also enter Emojis, GIFs, Analog Emojis, and other symbols.

> ## Notes

Author: @FloatingMilkshake i added the footnotes section cuz we might add more in the future idk

> ## Notes

Reviewer: Fair enough

> ## Notes

Author: heh

> <sup>1</sup>: Clipboard history automatically clears after restarting your computer. Also keep in mind that it only stores the last 25 objects.

Author: > you could note whether pinned items count towards the 25?

uuuuhh, idk 💀

> <sup>1</sup>: Clipboard history automatically clears after restarting your computer. Also keep in mind that it only stores the last 25 objects.

Reviewer: As far as I can tell it doesn't seem to, it looks like the 25 is just for items that aren't pinned

> <sup>1</sup>: Clipboard history automatically clears after restarting your computer. Also keep in mind that it only stores the last 25 objects.

Author: Alr thx.
